♪ It seems today ♪
♪ That all you see ♪
♪ Is violence in movies and sex on TV ♪
♪ But where are those
good old-fashioned values ♪
♪ On which we used to rely? ♪
♪ Lucky there's a family guy ♪
♪ Lucky there's a man who
positively can do ♪
♪ All the things that make us ♪
♪ Laugh and cry ♪
♪ He's... a... Fam... ily... Guy! ♪
All right, time for 8:15 drop-off.
Now Mommy's on a quick break till 3:30.
Toughest job in the world.
Oh, look, Kylie's mom is out of rehab.
Good morning, little guy.
Hey, Janet, good to see you.
Hey, listen, thank you so much
for your apology email.
An individual one would have been nice,
but one to the whole class was fine, too.
Have a good day, Stewie.
Oh, my God, please be a dog.
Please be a dog.
Ow. Ow...
Oh, my God, it's a kid!
It's Doug! Nice hit, bitch.
Oh, and Elsa underwear.
This day just keeps getting better!
Well, thank you all for coming.
Can I get anyone something to drink?
I'm fine, but Doug's
mother would probably like
three martinis,
and then to have unprotected sex
with her boss at work.
And Doug's father would
love a glass of warm tap water
and to never make more than $30,000 a year
for the rest of his life.
And here we go.
Okay, well, I am just so sorry
about what happened with Doug.
I just didn't see the little guy.
Well, maybe you ought
to get your eyes examined.
I appreciate that
it was an accident, Mrs. Griffin.
But nonetheless, we've retained a lawyer.
Well, there must be some way
short of a lawsuit
we can make this up to you.
Well, this is my weekend with Doug,
but I've got tickets to see Lana Del Rey
with our former nanny Jessica.
She's 24. So as a form of settlement,
maybe this weekend you
can put together a tree house
I don't want to deal with.
Fine. If that's what I have to do
to make this right,
then Peter and my children
will build your son's tree house.
Deal.
All right, I guess now the four men
awkwardly sit here
while my mom gives your mom
a tour of the house
that doesn't deserve one.
And this is a room
adjacent to the room
we were just in.
Ooh, what a fun house.
Okay, Mrs. Griffin, tell me what you see.
Um, I see a cow in a lab coat,
some vultures in a cowboy hat,
and a dog trying to trick a cat
into a clothes dryer.
Just as I thought. You're Far-Sided.
Oh, no. What-what do I do about it?
Oh, well, I'm no doctor, but I would say
you either need to get
glasses or maybe LASIK.
Is that the surgery people get
and then tell everybody they got it?
Yes, it's the veganism
of elective surgery.
If you're unsure of what to do,
here's a video of Radiohead front man
and super weirdo Thom Yorke
to help you decide.
Hello, I'm Thom Yorke.
You might know me from Radiohead
or my passing resemblance
to a melting Tilda Swinton.
Not many people
know that I'm blind in one eye.
Can you guess which one?
- This is awful.
- Wait, just give it a few minutes.
All his stuff starts kind of slow.
Fine, I'll get the LASIK.
Great.
Make an appointment with my nurse.
Now here's a lollipop
from the Sackler family
that says, "Sowwy."
In the future,
we won't even need our eyes.
Computers will see for us.
Oh, now you're a doctor?
I guess I'm a singer now.
♪ Tra-la-la-la-la. ♪
I'm Casey Kasem.
(àThat was Elmer Hartman
peaking at number 32 with
"I Hate Computers (Tra-La-La)."
Mrs. Griffin, the surgery was a success.
And by that, I mean the hospital agreed
to take your Discover card.
Plus, we'll get one percent of that back,
which is basically like getting nothing.
Oh, my God... I'm blind.
What do you mean you're blind?
- Y-You can't see me right now?
- No!
But you can still see, like,
the stove and laundry, right?
But, Mom, we got you a balloo...
Shh, shh, shh.
She doesn't know about the balloon.
Don't worry, Lois,
we'll be right by your side
the whole time,
and not outside playing with a balloon.
I love you, balloon.
Oh-oh, oh, no, no!
I'm coming, balloon!
Don't tell your mother about this.
Don't worry, Lois,
I went blind a while back.
It was cool.
They're some of the last people
you can still make fun of.
- Dad!
- It's fine, they won't see this.
Dr. Hartman,
you said there was very little risk
to LASIK, but now I am blind.
How did this happen?
Okay, look, this isn't my fault.
It was Take-Your-Cat-To-Work day.
Dr. Hartman, what does this mean,
you know, for me?
Well, whatever your wife did for you,
you'll now have to do for yourselves.
And until she gets used to her new life,
you'll need to take care of her.
Feed her, bathe her, drive her places.
- They're gone, aren't they?
- They left, yes.
There they are.
I thought we said 10:00 sharp,
but we must have said 10:18.
No one's fault, but going forward,
let's make sure
we respect each other's time, hmm?
- You must be Chris.
- I must?
You know,
Mr. Herbert.
How do you know Mr. Herbert?
We're friends.
Sometimes he comes to my art shows,
and we get ice cream after.
he takes you to the park
where the swings go really high?
- He does.
- Uh-huh.
That'll stop.
And the ice cream?
Don't get used to it.
I've seen a thousand of you.
I've outlasted them.
I'll outlast you.
Okay. Uh, my dad
left a note for you, Mr. Griffin.
"Griffins, build this tree house
for my son.
"He will love it for a year,
until my housekeeper
"moves into it,
even though it doesn't have electricity
"or running water.
She walked here from Guatemala.
She'll be fine."
Let's get started, boys.
Aw, man, this is gonna be more work
than when I built that
Habitat for Sean Hannity.
As you can see,
we've made everything white,
like you requested.
Here's a room to recover
from your sodium headaches,
and on the walls, I painted
some of your most famous quotes.
There's the one where you compared
the homosexual
lifestyle to playing in the sewer,
and there's the one
where you defended Roy Moore.
- Nice.
- Uh-huh.
And here's a room where you can
blame things on an immigrant.
Hey, nothing personal,
I just peddle hate for money.
We now return to Blindflix,
the streaming service for blind people.
I can't believe it's the year 2034,
Earth is uninhabitable,
and we're hurtling through space
to find a place
for humanity to start again.
Thankfully, we are
Chris Evans and Vanessa Hudgens,
and have sexy bodies
that will make beautiful
racially nuanced babies.
I love you, Chris Evans.
I love you, too, Vanessa Hudgens.
Kiss me.
Ah, this show is so sexy.
How you doing, Mom?
Do you need to go poopies?
Meg, please stop asking me that.
I'm sorry, I just...
I hate being so dependent
on other people.
I feel helpless and worthless.
I get it. I feel helpless
and worthless 24-sevs.
How do you deal with it?
Cutting, minor arson, and sometimes I post
empowerment videos on YouTube.
Empowerment videos?
I thought YouTube went out of business.
Uh, what am I thinking of?
- Circuit City.
- Yes.
Here.
The camera's on.
Just getting your feelings
out will make you feel better.
Oh, okay.
Um, hello.
Uh, my name is Lois Griffin,
and I... am blind.
Uh, I went to the hospital
for a simple surgery
and woke up in the ICU.
But the irony was I couldn't see you.
I couldn't see anyone or anything.
Even the people closest to me
who need to be seen the most.
So now I suppose if I want to see again,
I'll have to listen more
and-and feel more and focus on
what's on the inside
and not what I can see on the outside.
Okay, that's all for now.
Mom, that was incredible.
You really spoke to me.
Who-Who's that?
Is that Lois?
Peter, I'm the one who's blind.
Sorry, I-I'm still getting used to things.
I can't believe Doug's dad texted me
and said we had to
come to Doug's T-ball game
or he was gonna sue us.
Looks like they got Big League Chew.
Yeah, I saw that.
I saw that they got Big League Chew.
Ah, the baseball field.
Good memories.
Lost my v-card here
with Jennifer Jason Leigh
in that dugout right over there.
That was Fast Times.
Yeah, fast for her, maybe.
I took a while.
Excuse me.
What happened to your big trip
to Providence?
Good morning, sports fans.
You ready to witness
the epitome of excellence?
Check this out.
Oh. Ball one.
Look, spaz, hold the bat like this,
and then step into it
as you swing forward.
I did it.
Thanks, Mr. Griffin.
- I'm leaving.
- Come on, Chris.
Don't be mad.
My plans changed.
Oh, hey, Doug.
Are you kidding me?!
Mom, you won't believe what happened.
Your video went viral.
Oh, does that mean Circuit City's back?
No, it means your ICU video
really connected with people.
You're helping people
who feel unseen, Mom.
Like me.
You're everywhere.
Okay, so what am I supposed to do now?
Make another video.
Hi, Lois.
I didn't get a monkey.
Off to see Bananarama.
Bye.
♪ I'm your Venus... ♪
Well, it's not what I thought
it was gonna be either.
Mom, I made some ICU T-shirts.
What's going on?
Who are these people?
My team.
ICU has exploded.
There's ICU Fashion, ICU Skincare,
ICU Health.
It is a gold mine.
Okay, but what does any of this
have to do with
seeing people for who they really are?
Oh, pfft, who cares about that?
I do. ICU was an idea
I could really believe in,
and you're ruining it.
I'm not ruining it, I'm expanding it.
You know, I'm the one who went blind, Meg.
I'm the one who's suffering.
Now the least I can do
is make some money from it.
Now stand back.
It's time to make another video.
Hello, Seers, Lois here.
You know, sometimes
the darkness gets overwhelming,
and that's when
I turn to ICU Essential Oils.
It calms you before sleep,
or you can cook chicken in it.
Oh, my God.
I can see.
Oh, God, but if anybody finds out,
it'll ruin my ICU brand.
Ugh. Peter told me
he'd been doing laundry.
You know, now I'm even
wondering if he lost those 75 pounds
like he said.
What's that, Lois?
I'm just on the spin bike.
Got a good sweat going.
Boy, you're right,
Sarah loves those hills.
Okay, here's the microphone.
Yeah, I see it.
I-I mean, oh, thank you.
Uh, i-is that Meg?
Mom, what's going on with you?
Nothing.
Especially my eyesight.
I am still very, very blind.
Thank you all for coming today.
I can't see you, because I'm blind,
but ICU.
Please be sure to try out
our new colonic partnership
with increasingly
irrelevant rapper Eminem,
the Eminenema.
It promises to clear out
"8 Miles" of mom's spaghetti.
It goes in slim clear
and comes out slim shady.
Thank you, I'm blind.
That was incredible, Lois.
You're a real inspiration.
My name is Wanda Keptmymaidenname,
and I work for Helen.
Helen Disingenuous,
the beloved daytime talk show host
who gives millions away to those in need
and is still somehow loathed?
Well, "loathed"
is a little bit exactly right, but yes.
I'm here, Lois, because Helen has been
following your success
and would love to make it her own.
Would you consider
being a guest on our show?
Oh, my gosh, really?
That's amazing.
S-So I get to go to Hollywood?
We actually tape the show in Burbank.
- Oh. What's the difference?
That's hilarious.
I'll have someone
who makes a lot less money than me
set everything up.
Meg, can you believe it?
This is gonna take ICU global.
I'll be more popular
than a Robert Redford clip.
Hey, guys.
My dad made you another list.
"Teach Doug to ride a bike, bake cookies,
listen to his Archer impression."
This is ridiculous.
We're not doing any of this.
I don't know, I kind of want
to hear his Archer impression.
Yeah, I'm curious.
I'm an international spy,
but I also do mundane things.
Okay, all right.
That's-that's pretty good.
But that's it.
No more.
Then I guess my dad
will just have to sue you.
You know what?
Go ahead and sue us.
I mean, look at this guy.
What do you think you're gonna get?
We came here in his dog's car.
But we had a deal.
Well, the deal's off.
I'll call your dad myself.
No, don't.
- What the...?
It was you making us do all that stuff.
You made fools of us, Doug!
Get him.
Dad, help.
I'm not Dad.
I'm Pete the Pirate.
God, I already told you.
Why did you do it?
Why did you make us do all that stuff
For this.
I did it for this.
What?
What do you mean?
I don't have a dog or a brother.
Or even a father, really.
But these past few days
I felt like I've had all that.
I'm sorry, but I didn't know any other way
to get you to spend time with me.
Doug, there you are.
Thank God!
Hey, I got your
message about the miscarriage.
So, Saturday night?
What a dick.
You know what?
I'm gonna go poop in his shoes.
You'd do that for me?
Sure I will, buddy.
Hang on, Brian.
I got one in the chamber.
- I'll join you.
- Thanks, guys.
I guess that just leaves us.
Look, I think you're
a total garbage person.
- Same.
- And being nice to you goes against
- everything I stand for.
- Same.
Okay, don't be the person
who just says "same,"
like it's a real response.
You know what,
let's just hate each other in public
and maybe not hate each other
as much in private.
Like George and Kellyanne Conway?
What is up with those two?
Ah, this is really gonna
put ICU over the top, Meg.
I am gonna be rich.
Now, which one is better,
the blue or the green?
Wait, how do you
know what colors they are?
Mom, you can see? I knew it.
Okay, fine.
Yes, I can see.
I can't believe you've been lying.
Why?
Don't you get it?
I have to be blind
to keep the money rolling in.
Nobody's gonna be inspired
by a middle-aged, cisgendered,
- able-bodied white woman.
- Or man.
Now, you keep
your mouth shut, or I will...
Knock knock.
Helen, is that you?
Oh, I'm so blind.
I just wanted to say hello,
welcome you to the show.
Have you been to Burbank before?
- Never.
- Oh, well, while you're waiting,
check out this video I made
for the Burbank Tourism Association.
HELEN
Welcome to beautiful Burbank, California,
home of more year-round Halloween stores
than any other city in the world.
Do you like Jack in the Box?
Then you're in luck.
We've got six of them.
If you've ever wanted to visit a place
where you can hear
the freeway from literally
every spot in town,
then Burbank is for you.
Want to do drugs in an empty swimming pool
with a couch in it?
Want to see what you
imagine an affluent neighborhood
in Honduras looks like?
You can do all of that and so much more
in Burbank.
We're here with Lois Griffin,
founder of ICU
and an inspiration to millions
of easily persuadable women.
So, Lois, I understand,
in addition to everything else,
you've started the ICU Foundation.
That's right, Helen.
You know, you haven't really made it until
you're able to convince rich people
to give you money
for a nebulous and undefined
important cause.
And what will your foundation focus on?
Women's issues.
And the environment.
- Refugees.
Well, we support you,
so we've got a surprise for you.
Oh, my God.
Reese Witherspoon?!
I love her.
Lois, how did you know
it was Reese Witherspoon
- if you can't see?
- Ah.
Um, that's-that's just, um, what I say
when I'm excited.
Reese Witherspoon!
Lois, are you actually blind?
Yes.
I mean...
No.
I was blind when I started ICU,
but I got my sight back a few days ago.
I just wanted to make a difference
and, you know,
maybe get money
from sympathetic strangers.
I'm sorry.
Hey, y'all, can I put
this big ole check down?
My arms ain't but small sticks.
Oh, shut up, Reese Witherspoon,
you big phony.
There's no way you've read all those books
you slap your sticker on.
Well, Lois, you've disappointed
a lot of people here today.
And since this is daytime TV,
you'll have to stand trial
on a Black judge show.
Lois Griffin, I find you guilty,
and I sentence you
to pay your roommate back
for his dog food,
or whatever dumb this one's about.
Well, Lois, I'm glad
you're not blind anymore.
Oh, me, too.
I just wish I'd handled it better.
Hey, at least you got to go to Hollywood.
- Burbank.
- What's the difference?
Oh, boy, I'll show you.
HELEN Want to get your
car washed by a former Nickelodeon star?
Want to take an improv class
from an instructor
you have to drive home after?
You can in Burbank.
Buy a house with a second floor
no one got permits for,
and then watch the 98-degree
winter nights tick by
through rusty bars on your windows.
Share a duplex
with that guy from that thing.
Pay L.A. prices for Orlando amenities
in Burbank.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH